Active Button State for Req List Button (#817)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins-b2b/requisition-list/containers/requisition-list-selector.mdx

| `sku` | `string` | Yes | Specifies the product SKU to add to the selected requisition list. Required to identify the exact product variant being added. Must match a valid product SKU in your catalog. |
| `selectedOptions` | `string[]` | No | Provides an array of selected product option IDs for configurable products. Captures variant selections such as size, color, or other configurable attributes. Required for configurable products to identify the specific variant being added. |
| `quantity` | `number` | No | Sets the quantity of the product to add to the requisition list. Defaults to 1 if not specified. Use to allow bulk additions or pre-populate quantities from previous orders or saved preferences. |

> | `matchBySKU` | `boolean` | No | Controls whether the active state matches by SKU only (`true`) or also compares configurable option UIDs (`false`). Defaults to SKU-only matching. Set to `false` on product detail pages (PDP) for configurable products so the button only shows active when the exact variant (same `sku` and `selectedOptions`) is in a requisition list. Set to `true` on product listing pages (PLP) where variant selection is not available. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `matchBySKU` | `boolean` | No | Controls how the active state is determined: If set to `true`, it only checks the product SKU. If set to `false`, it checks both the SKU and the selected configurable option UIDs. By default, it uses SKU-only matching (true). Use `false` on product detail pages (PDP) for configurable products so the button is only active when the exact variant (same SKU and selected options) is in the requisition list. Use `true` on product listing pages (PLP), where specific variants can’t be selected. |
```
